Add `tag` subcommand (#126)
vembrane/vembrane: README.md

Note that the VCF specification explicitly defines the `FILTER` field as a "list of codes for filters that *fail*" (emphasis by us).
As such, `PASS` *should* indicate that all filters have passed, and `.` (missing) *should* indicate that no filters have been applied.
Custom tags should therefore indicate whether a record failed a certain filter, and not whether it passed.

However, the default behaviour is to tag records which pass the expression, and not those which fail.
To toggle between applying tags in a positive (tagging records that *pass*) or negative (tagging records that *fail*) sense, use the `--tag-mode [pass|fail]`/`-m [pass|fail]` flag.

### Examples
* Tag records with quality at least 30 with a tag named `quality_at_least_30`:
  ```sh
  vembrane tag --tag quality_at_least_30 "QUAL >= 30" variants.vcf
  ```
* Tag records with quality at least 30 with a tag named `quality_at_least_30`
  and records which have "Illumina" in their list of platforms with a tag named `illumina`:
  ```sh
  vembrane tag -t quality_at_least_30 "QUAL >= 30" -t illumina "'Illumina' in INFO['platformnames']" variants.vcf
  ```

> * Tag records with quality *less than* 30 with a tag named `q30` using the `--invert` option:
>     ```sh
>     vembrane tag --tag-mode fail --tag q30 "QUAL >= 30" variants.vcf
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag records with quality *less than* 30 with a tag named `q_below_30` using the `--tag-mode fail` setting:
    ```sh
    vembrane tag --tag-mode fail --tag q_below_30 "QUAL >= 30" variants.vcf
    ```
```

Reviewer: I'd also go for descriptive tags here, even though the `q30` would correspond to the VCF spec example. But I think it's always best to encourage descriptive and informative names for "things".

> * Tag records with quality *less than* 30 with a tag named `q30` by negating the expression itself:
>     * ```sh
>       vembrane tag --tag q30 "not (QUAL >= 30)" variants.vcf
>       ```
>     * ```sh
>       vembrane tag --tag q30 "QUAL < 30" variants.vcf
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag records with quality *less than* 30 with a tag named `q_below_30` by negating the expression itself:
    * ```sh
      vembrane tag --tag q_below_30 "not (QUAL >= 30)" variants.vcf
      ```
    * ```sh
      vembrane tag --tag q_below_30 "QUAL < 30" variants.vcf
      ```
```
